README.md, before:

# sanity-plugin-custom-seo

> This is a **Sanity Studio v3** plugin.

## Installation

```sh
npm install sanity-plugin-custom-seo
```

## Usage

Add it as a plugin in `sanity.config.ts` (or .js):

```ts
import {defineConfig} from 'sanity'
import {customSeo} from 'sanity-plugin-custom-seo'

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [customSeo()], // plugins: [customSeo({})],
})
```

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © Luiz Cláudio

## Develop & test

This plugin uses [@sanity/plugin-kit](https://github.com/sanity-io/plugin-kit)
with default configuration for build & watch scripts.

See [Testing a plugin in Sanity Studio](https://github.com/sanity-io/plugin-kit#testing-a-plugin-in-sanity-studio)
on how to run this plugin with hotreload in the studio.


### Release new version

Run ["CI & Release" workflow](https://github.com/lcnogueira/sanity-plugin-custom-seo/actions/workflows/main.yml).
Make sure to select the main branch and check "Release new version".

Semantic release will only release on configured branches, so it is safe to run release on any branch.

Commit message:

fix(docs): make it clear the package is for learning purposes

README.md, after:

# IMPORTANT!
This package is being used for learning purposes only! If you really want to use an seo package, use this one instead https://github.com/bhargav-bkpatel/sanity-plugin-seo.

# sanity-plugin-custom-seo

> This is a **Sanity Studio v3** plugin.

## Installation

```sh
npm install sanity-plugin-custom-seo
```

## Usage

Add it as a plugin in `sanity.config.ts` (or .js):

```ts
import {defineConfig} from 'sanity'
import {customSeo} from 'sanity-plugin-custom-seo'

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [customSeo()], // plugins: [customSeo({})],
})
```

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © Luiz Cláudio

## Develop & test

This plugin uses [@sanity/plugin-kit](https://github.com/sanity-io/plugin-kit)
with default configuration for build & watch scripts.

See [Testing a plugin in Sanity Studio](https://github.com/sanity-io/plugin-kit#testing-a-plugin-in-sanity-studio)
on how to run this plugin with hotreload in the studio.


### Release new version

Run ["CI & Release" workflow](https://github.com/lcnogueira/sanity-plugin-custom-seo/actions/workflows/main.yml).
Make sure to select the main branch and check "Release new version".

Semantic release will only release on configured branches, so it is safe to run release on any branch.
